all right crystal what's on your radar
so as you know suddenly money of the
fiercest advocates of hashtag me to and
believe women have been conspicuously
silent on or dismissive of the new
sexual assault claim levelled at Joe
Biden by Tara Reid Biden has denied
those claims few have been more
noticeably absent from that conversation
though than actress Alyssa Milano recall
that Milano more than maybe any other
figure helped to popularize the me to
hash tag she supported the times up
organization you know the one that
wouldn't help Tara Reid because she had
accused a political figure in fact
Alyssa was so dedicated to the movement
that she actually attended the Brett
cabin on confirmation hearings at which
Cavanaugh and his accuser Christine
glossy Ford both spoke here's what ELISA
had to say about her attendance at the
time you were invited as a guest of
Senator Dianne Feinstein to be there at
the hearing why was it important for you
to be there so many reasons but I think
most of all I don't believe that that
any man's misogyny should take precedent
over survivors humanity now the tweet
which perhaps best represented her
feelings at the time anyway was this one
you can't pretend to be the party of the
American people and then not support a
woman who comes forward with her me two
story now you will recall that one of
the main arguments that Cavanaugh
defenders made was that he deserved due
process feminists and activists
countered rightly in my view that while
everyone is of course entitled to due
process within the criminal justice
system no one is entitled to serve on
the Supreme Court or in the context of
Trump as president of the United States
and of course in most instances of
sexual assault there are neither no
other witnesses so it can be nearly
impossible to prove guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt so hold that thought
for a moment about Trump and Kavanagh
defenders arguing for due process
because Milano just gave an interview to
Andy Cohen in which she explained why
she had been silent about Tara Reid's
claim against Joe Biden take a listen I
was i have not publicly said anything
about this if you remember it kind of
took me a long time to publicly say
anything about about Harvey as well
because I believe that um even though
we should believe women and that is an
important thing and what that statement
really means is like you know for so
long the the go-to has been not to
believe them so really we have to sort
of societally change that mindset to
believing women but that does not mean
at the expense of not you know giving
men their due process and and
investigating situations huh little
different tone there ELISA what happened
suddenly she's decided that due process
is required now that it has to do with
the man she's thrown all in for Joe
Biden
now nothing I could possibly say would
be more damning than Alyssa's own
manifest hypocrisy and double standards
instead I'll lift up the righteous anger
of activist and survivor Rose McGowan
who said of Alyssa on Twitter you are a
fraud this is about holding the media
accountable you go after Trump and
Cavanaugh saying believe victims you are
a lie you have always been a lie of
course no one is more delighted by
Alyssa's comments than those who would
dismiss credible claims against Trump or
Cavanaugh or other powerful men and who
would prefer that all these women just
go back to quietly bottling up their
pain ELISA has just in one fell swoop
done more damage to the movement she
claims to care about than any right-wing
apologist possibly could there was
another piece of Alyssa's nauseating
excuse making that really stood out to
me though let's take a listen to that
mainstream media would be jumping all
over this as well if you know if they
weren't in a like Oh or if there was
more if there was more credible if there
was evidence that was if they found more
evidence or investigate so I'm just kind
of staying quiet about it so just to
think about this ELISA is arguing that
if a claim is credible surely the
mainstream media would have picked it up
and run with it
yes because the mainstream press is
always falling all over themselves to
hold Joe Biden and other establishment
Democrats to account have you met the
press they overhype ignore distract and
outright lie on a room
tene basis now of course one of the many
great ironies of this whole situation is
that Ryan Graham the intercept was
instrumental in bringing dr. Ford story
to light and he was also instrumental in
reporting out the times up portion of
Thara story so weird but now Ryan's
reporting isn't good enough for Elissa
or for the mainstream press but just
think of what an absolutely insane
standard Elissa is setting here only
those claims and women that the
mainstream press deemed to be worthy are
allowed into the warm embrace of the
believe women mantra surely Elissa would
see the way that the press routinely
ignores vulnerable communities am I
really supposed to count on Bezos as
Washington Post or Morning Joe for
justice Lord I really hate rehashing all
this history but apparently someone
needs reminding of how NBC reportedly
tried to quash run Pharaoh's reporting
on Harvey Weinstein or how amy robach
fumed about not being able to report on
Epstein to preserve will and Kate access
the media routinely buries inconvenient
stories especially when they involve
powerful men
I suppose it's believed women when the
press doesn't need real wedding access
or a Hillary Clinton interview that
sounds great
just to be clear on my own views here
I'm not actually a lockstep neetu
proponent I think that at times the
judgment has been too harsh and too
Swift against men who stand accused of
much less egregious offenses than a
Harvey Weinstein or Jeffrey Epstein or
Bill Cosby or even a Joe Biden but I
believe dr. Ford should be heard and
taken seriously and I believe that Tara
Reid deserves to be heard and taken
seriously these are not light or
frivolous claims and as turret can tell
you firsthand it's no fun to have your
every life decision and utterance picked
over in a coordinated effort to smear
and dismiss you as far as credibility
goes I think it's also important to note
that unlike dr. Ford Tara reportedly
actually told her family and a close
friend at the time this contemporaneous
were counting is significant given the
fact that there are often no direct
witnesses to these alleged assaults I
don't need a blue check over at wopo to
tell me that I figured it out all by
myself of course now that Tara's story
has a celebrity angled attached to
so probably actually get far more
coverage so congrats there to Alyssa
you're doing just great
she has been so absent from this
conversation because she was the first
person who Katya wasn't the first person
who used the mean to hash tag but she
was the first celebrity who put it out
there who got this all started involved
in The Times up organization she dropped
out of an Andrew yang fundraiser because
of a reported sexual harassment in
incident involving one of his staff
members and then when all of this
happens nothing nothing nothing and then
she goes on with Andy Cohen and her
rationalizations are so hypocritical I
mean it literally was like verbatim what
Cavanaugh defenders were saying during
that time yeah I mean Alyssa Milano has
always been a fraud and I'm glad Rose
McGowan by first of all she's breaking
my heart because I love charmed when I
was a kid but you know you're looking at
all this and you're like she drops out
of this Andrew yang fundraiser she has
you know it has the clapping emoji been
the most vocal times up a lie all this
stuff and you've always seen it I mean I
think people on the right I've always
seen it is that so many of these believe
women cohort have always been cynical
political actors who didn't believe
anything on Bill Clinton and could care
less about what happened with Bill
Clinton and do you know were the ones
who touted the Cavanaugh ones solely
because they care about the Supreme
Court and that vote and Roe vs. Wade and
that's fine
but they should have just said that but
they can't because would undermine the
moral preening and credibility of
everything that they shouted at the time
so on this one they do the exact same
thing that they did with Bill Clinton
with so many others they just stay
silent they refuse to adequately apply
their standard across the board yeah to
all of these different things and that
is something that really bothers me
because you can see that whenever these
things are cynically used against one
and another you it both undermines a
cause that you care about and it
validates and enrages many of the people
who were on the other side of being
raped you know lectured as rape
apologists and others for for
definitively knowing that at a time when
you were being vilified you know in the
mainstream press and so much that so
much of it had nothing to do with any
moral authority and
purely about power so it validates two
terrible things it's bad people who want
to come forward it it's bad for people
who have always known and yet finally
get the confirmation that this was
always political when so much of the
logic is like you said I mean if
anything the claim is more credible than
dr. Ford's and yet nothing there's no
there's no there's no pact of going over
it in Washington in the Washington Post
there's no that mean so many of these
outlets printed it out right at the time
because there was a deadline there's a
deadline here the same thing it's just a
job interview okay it's just a job
interview it's not a court of law you
know they said due process doesn't apply
again she even used the words due
process which I was like oh my god in
other comments in that same interview
which people should really go and listen
to it's just like three minutes long if
you go look shit on on YouTube I mean
she's stumbling through it trying to
rationalize it she's saying I mean it
literally sound exactly what I was said
about cabinet was like I I never thought
that that need to and believed women
would mean throwing accusations at an
innocent man who I've known for a long
time interestingly back during the
Cavanaugh hearings I went back and
listened to some of what she was saying
at the time she actually brought up the
Anita Hill hearings at the formative
experience for her of course led by
chairman of the Judiciary Committee Joe
Biden so interesting that connection as
well but that you would then put it on
the media I mean it's this like circular
logic of it must not be credible because
the media didn't report on it and so the
media gets both gets a pass and they get
to decide which claims are worthy and
which aren't
I mean I think that part of it really
was going to me as well and and I'm
upset about it because I wanted to
believe that these people actually were
going to stick to their principles I
wanted to believe that they actually
meant the things that they said because
the Clinton stuff look I was like a
child at the time you know and I felt
like young feminists shouldn't have all
that put on them in the past like I
wasn't involved in any of that and the
the so-called feminists at the time
behavior was in retrospect absolutely a
porn and disgusting and dismissive of
women
and slut-shaming and all of that I was
like but that was you know that was the
90s of this like a long time ago maybe
people have evolved and you see in this
moment and it's not just Alissa right
Alissa is maybe the most notable example
because she's been so out front on all
of us and because she's such a prominent
joepie an endorser and supporter but
it's not just her how many blue Czech
feminists have been totally silent or
like Amanda Marcotte over at salon right
who went through a whole complicated
rationalization of why all these red
flags are justification for the media to
totally ignore this which is absurd
which if applied in a different context
she would see that all of these
rationalizations are exactly what you do
if you dig through anyway I don't care
who you are you dig through everything
that I've said or you said or anyone
else has said their whole life you can
find things to be used to just cry at
them and make them look stupid make them
look weird or fringe or kooky or
whatever and that is used as a
rationalization to dismiss women all the
time and now all the so-called feminists
are doing the exact same and we just
like we already know the script has been
written how is it when the other shoe is
on the other foot and the accuser has an
R next to their name it's completely
different or everything when
anti-establishment if this was the
Bernie Sanders accuser things will be
going on tomorrow but yeah I mean it has
it Joe Biden is on multiple interviews
never been asked about it if you know
any other person they would that's an
application there's been no written
story about it in mainstream press
there's been no real coverage there's
been no when people just dismiss it
outright because and that's the most
pernicious part of this is the feedback
loop right on if the press doesn't cover
it it's not legit and therefore I don't
have to take it seriously it's like
first of all can you think for yourself
like you said you don't need a blue
checkmark at the Washington Post in
order to read something and critically
be like okay this is my frame of mind
and I analyze this as credible or not
you need you outsource credibility to
people who have already proven that they
have no credibility right that's the
most disgusting and pernicious part of
the whole thing indeed all right next on
rising a new Gallup poll examines the
toll that social distancing and
self-quarantine have on emotional
well-being we're gonna hear more about
that poll from Gallup editor-in-chief
muhammad yunus that one rising continues